README.md, before:

# strider-ssh-deploy [![Dependency Status][dep-img]][dep-link] [![devDependency Status][dev-dep-img]][dev-dep-link]

[![NPM][npm-badge-img]][npm-badge-link]


### install

cd into strider deployment and run `npm install strider-ssh-deploy`

restart strider and check out the web ui -- you'll see a new plugin

configure the plugin with the deployment username, one or more hosts, and shell script to run on the hosts

please provide feedback in the issues and/or in IRC

thanks!

![screenshot][screenshot1]


[dev-dep-img]: https://david-dm.org/Strider-CD/strider-ssh-deploy/dev-status.svg
[dev-dep-link]: https://david-dm.org/Strider-CD/strider-ssh-deploy#info=devDependencies
[dep-img]: https://david-dm.org/Strider-CD/strider-ssh-deploy.svg
[dep-link]: https://david-dm.org/Strider-CD/strider-ssh-deploy
[npm-badge-img]: https://nodei.co/npm/strider-ssh-deploy.png?downloads=true&stars=true
[npm-badge-link]: https://nodei.co/npm/strider-ssh-deploy/

[screenshot1]: http://cl.ly/image/1t2W2r0E0G0p/Screen%20Shot%202014-07-10%20at%205.38.31%20PM.png

Commit message:

the deploy script can now contain ejs markup
- added els dependency
- updated readme
- extended test
- added els to deploy code

README.md, after:

# strider-ssh-deploy [![Dependency Status][dep-img]][dep-link] [![devDependency Status][dev-dep-img]][dev-dep-link]

[![NPM][npm-badge-img]][npm-badge-link]


### install

cd into strider deployment and run `npm install strider-ssh-deploy`

restart strider and check out the web ui -- you'll see a new plugin

please provide feedback in the issues and/or in IRC

thanks!

![screenshot][screenshot1]

### usage

configure the plugin with the deployment username, one or more hosts, and shell script to run on the hosts.

In the shell script input field you can use metadata information from the job document. For example to set environment variables on the remote server or hand over information to a script.

`./deploy.sh <%= ref.branch %>`

Have a look at the metadata plugin for all fields of the job document.



[dev-dep-img]: https://david-dm.org/Strider-CD/strider-ssh-deploy/dev-status.svg
[dev-dep-link]: https://david-dm.org/Strider-CD/strider-ssh-deploy#info=devDependencies
[dep-img]: https://david-dm.org/Strider-CD/strider-ssh-deploy.svg
[dep-link]: https://david-dm.org/Strider-CD/strider-ssh-deploy
[npm-badge-img]: https://nodei.co/npm/strider-ssh-deploy.png?downloads=true&stars=true
[npm-badge-link]: https://nodei.co/npm/strider-ssh-deploy/

[screenshot1]: http://cl.ly/image/1t2W2r0E0G0p/Screen%20Shot%202014-07-10%20at%205.38.31%20PM.png
